Migration guide for Istio 1.5 (#9484)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/migration-guides/1.15-1.16.md

> #Migrate from 1.15 to 1.16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migrate from 1.15 to 1.16
```
You need a space after `#` to render the content as a heading.

Author: 👍

> ##Istio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Istio
```

> Kyma 1.16 comes with a new Istio version: 1.5.10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma 1.16 comes with a new Istio version: 1.5.10.
```

> All Istio-related objects in Kyma are updated, but the migration may be necessary for the Istio objects created manually in your cluster.

Reviewer: "may be" or "is"?
```suggestion
All Istio-related objects in Kyma are updated, but the migration is necessary for the Istio objects created manually in your cluster.
```

Author: it depends on the object. Most of them will work, but some don't. Since we don't know, I'd leave "may be" here.

Author: As a comment: Istio deprecates many objects, but I'd say "most" of them will still work in 1.15. They stop working in 1.16/1.17 and so on. But the list is really long and I don't see any reason to duplicate Istio's docs here....

Please read the [Istio upgrade notes](https://istio.io/latest/news/releases/1.5.x/announcing-1.5/upgrade-notes/) for the details.

> Please ensure you're not using Istio RBAC wich is [deprecated](https://istio.io/v1.5/docs/reference/config/security/istio.rbac.v1alpha1/) and may not work after the upgrade. Use the [Authorization Policy](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy/) to configure authorization for your services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure you're not using Istio RBAC, which is [deprecated](https://istio.io/v1.5/docs/reference/config/security/istio.rbac.v1alpha1/) and may not work after the upgrade. Use the [Authorization Policy](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy/) to configure authorization for your services.
```

> In addition, consider migrating existing Authentication Policy to an equivalent PeerAuthentication and RequestAuthentication objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, consider migrating existing Authentication Policy to equivalent PeerAuthentication and RequestAuthentication objects.
```
